---
title: "November 7, 2022"
slug: "20221107"
---

##### 3D printing
- TODO: Now in order to print you need a 3D printer (e.g. the [Real Printer 1](/inventory/0)) and enough filament for it.
- You can now buy a 3D printer and spools of filament from [Amazing](/docs/amazing).
- TODO: You can now 3D print a rocket!
- You can now sell your 3D prints for [dUSD](/docs/dusd).
- TODO: Your 3D printer plugs directly into the wall and requires electricity. By default, your use of [electricity](/docs/electricity) generates carbon dioxide (measured in [dCarbon](/docs/dcarbon). This results in your inventory being filled with dCarbon, which causes a 1% penalty to your sell prices in the shop for every 1000 [dCarbon](/docs/dcarbon) you have
- TODO: You will be able to burn your [dCarbon](/docs/dcarbon) later by contributing to a carbon fund, which invests in people trying to buy or build renewables.
    
Note that all of this is virtual right now and has no crossover with the real world. Contributions, purchases, sales, etc., will happen with [dUSD](/docs/dusd), the virtual in-game currency earned by completing quests and other tasks. No crypto integration with [dUSD](/docs/dusd). Any crypto integration in the future will be very obvious and opt-in only. 

##### Renewable energy

- You can now buy a solar panel or handheld wind turbine from [Amazing](/docs/amazing).
- TODO: Switch your machine's energy source to solar or wind if you have enough capacity for a machine.
- TODO: Running machines on renewables will avoid the accruing of [dCarbon](/docs/dcarbon).