---
title: "January 1, 2023"
slug: "20230101"
---

TODO: fix hydroponics quest to actually give you a hydroponic tub
TODO: fix /quests/play/9 (doesn't give dUSD properly)

New year, new content update!

- [Print and launch](/quests/play/1) your own model rocket.
- Grow hydroponic [basil](/quests/play/2) and harvest it for profit.
- Generate [dWatt](/docs/dWatt) sustainably with solar and wind power.

I'm working on some [big important changes](https://github.com/democratizedspace/dspace/pull/16) behind the scenes that will fix some of the awkwardness of quests and help me scale the amount of content I add greatly. In the meantime, I'll try adding a few more quests here and there. New features and non-critical bugfixes are on pause right now until those big changes are implemented. Stay tuned!

## Known issues

- Big numbers and numbers with lots of digits after the decimal place don't look quite right in some places, especially on mobile. Also, there may be a few other places with weird visual glitches. Rest assured that this'll be fixed along with the big cookies->localStorage change mentioned above!
- The mouse-over-to-hover icons for items throughout the game will instead be hover by default, and they won't wiggle. This is in response to [poll results](https://twitter.com/EspToTheFuture/status/1602454189564534784) on Twitter.
- Currently, when you start a [process](/docs/processes), it won't reserve the materials, which means you can accidentally overcommit if you end up selling or using those materials somewhere else. The fix for this is not trivial, and it's what prompted the cookies->localStorage change in the first place. Once that change is done, items that are consumed will be consumed when you start the process. Expect that change before the end of Q1 2023.