---
title: "February 28, 2025"
slug: "20250228"
---

It's been a while! Time for a DSPACE update! v3 is here.

What's DSPACE, you ask? You must be new around here, and if so, welcome!!! I'm glad you're here. DSPACE is a space exploration game that I've been working on for a while now. It's still in its early stages, but I'm excited to share it with you. You can learn more about the game on the [About](/docs/about) page.

## 10x more quests

Finished all the quests already? As of v2.1 and its handful of quests, you could 100% the game in a little over a month. And most of the time you'd just be waiting for some multi-week progress bar to complete. It was like watching paint dry.

Thanks to the new custom quest system, I managed to make all the new quests in-game without touching a single JSON file directly. Well, except when it came time to merge v3 into the main branch. Speaking of...

## Custom quests

You can now create your own custom quests on-device for whatever you want! The game's source code contains the set of all official quests (which generally in some way relate to space exploration, however loosely), and anything on your device is considered non-canon. However, if you choose to contribute to the base game, there's also a procedure to make your quests canon by submitting a pull request. The in-game UI helps you do this without touching a single line of code or opening a text editor. Just follow this guide.

## In-house LLM integration

Instead of relying on commercial LLM providers like OpenAI, DSPACE now uses token.place, one of my other projects. This allows me to use idle resources at home (and other people's homes, eventually) to fulfill the LLM needs of non-business-critical applications such as DSPACE. Both DSPACE and token.place are intended to be fully runnable on cheap home hardware, and are therefore both fully open source and permissively licensed. Speaking of...

## Switching to MIT license

While 0BSD sounds like a nice license, it is in some case not on the list of accepted OSS licenses on the Internet. Therefore, I'm switching from 0BSD to MIT, which is still very permissive but much better supported.

## Self-hosted

Starting with DSPACE 2.1, the website is self-hosted on premises, instead of deploying via Netlify. It's currently running on an M4 Mac Mini. Redundancy coming soon.